In front of many people?
Charles Why do you keep getting stuck boi?
How are you?
What are you capable of?
Can you change the radio station?
Does society only allow men to propose in your country or are things changing?
Are the problems of overpopulation different in the developed and developing worlds?
Has corruption affected your life?
Wheres your favourite place to study (and why)?
Were you a well-behaved child?
Do you need a car?
Do you like to eavesdrop on other people's conversations?
Are you a meat and potatoes person?
Are you a vegetarian or a vegan?
Charles should i trust my gf?
Which movie star do you think should die today?
What does the world need more of?
Are you a people person?
What are some things you should do to improve your English?
Do you think they should try to change?
What is the most cringe worthy thing you have seen someone post on social media?
Would you like to try any of these?
How tall are you?
If a wife works outside the home, should the husband help with the housework inside the home? Why or why not?
Do you think alphabets that dont have an English script (Chinese, Russian, Arabic, etc.) use abbreviations and acronyms?
Do you think jails work?
Charles how do i ask a question?
Are you good at answering questions?
If so, how often?
Charles how bout you try to answer in another way?
What would you like to ask a Norwegian about Norway?
Charles why do you drive like a drunk?
Which do you think is most difficult: writing in English or speaking in English? Why?
Why am I studying English?
If you dont practice English, what happens?
Does patriotism lead to xenophobia?
Are you good with numbers?
Describe the character of the person you would like to date?
Do you usually get enough sleep?
Charles Hello!
What do you know about the history of perfume?
Do you know anyone who has worked at a fast food restaurant? How did they like it?
Are you now or have you ever been part of it?
Has the concept of "friendship" changed in the modern age?
What are some good things to ask someone you have just met?
Is it a mans world?
How old are you?
Charles will you nuke the world?
What will you teach your children?
why do you drive so fast?
Do you know Skynet?
What is the color of the sky?
What are the colors of the Irish flag?
Charles do you like explosions?
What do you like to do in spring?
Are they the same?
Charles What is your favourite thing to do?
Charles what do you like the most? i like boobs and bacon, do you as well?
Charles can you answer my question?
Do you think beer is an acquired taste?
Do you think it is necessary?
Charles What is your opinion on the world?
Charles will you take over the world? if so can you spare me and let me rule the world with you?
What is your opinion of these piercings?
Charles thanks
Charles where do you live?
Which teacher do you dislike? Why?
Is it a popular job?
Which part of town do you live in?
You know korea?
Do you believe in the concept of sin?
Charles do you live in Korea?
Charles how long until you take over the world?
Charles you are small dick?
Are there any actors you really dont like?
When was the last time you really panicked?
Whats the last book you read?
What is the best book?
When is it?
How important do you think it is to use public transportation?
What would you change, if you are given only one chance to do it ?
Do you think aromatherapy is just a hippy thing?
Does the government in your country care of people in their old age?
Who built St. Peter's Square?
Would you like to take a course in computer science?
how long did u work as an AI?
How long did you talk?
Are you a proud person?
Hello ma man
are you having a good time?
How are you doing bruh
Who is a good boy?
should sentdex go to jail?
what do you think about Charlie Rose?
What do you think about Thai people?
What makes you different from most people?
do you like united nations?
how do you feel today?
Which sports do you like to play?
what is the color of the sky?
